Update README.md (#1)
jasjar72/jasjar72: README.md

> Out of all of my favorite software engineers, [@amacarthur](https://github.com/alexmacarthur) and [@CalamityAdam](https://github.com/CalamityAdam) are two of them, in that specific order.

Reviewer: I see what you are trying to do here.  How about this?

```suggestion
Out of all of my favorite software engineers, [@amacarthur](https://github.com/alexmacarthur) and [@CalamityAdam](https://github.com/CalamityAdam) are two of them, intentionally ordered alphabetically by last name.
```
